Mom wait a minute
I tell you this marriage, you don't want to marry me every day
I'll call Lin Chao now
Lin Shao
Go go go
Lin Shao, this engagement is coming soon
Let's all pick a good day
Get your marriage license first
The cooperation between our two has not been confirmed
This marriage can't be decided either
ohm
It's not that I can't get this project
But I can't take it
The other party is the big shot
I didn't buy the project.
But I have nothing to do with adults anymore
Oh, really?
Or is the big person's network more important?
Lin Shaoguai is forethought
You really can whistle that!
I saw that big shot with my own eyes
I tore up all your business cards
I don't want to kill you at all
My leader said
Just get married
Just hit 300 million to give us a high hair to get through this difficult time
It doesn't matter if he has money or not.
I'll go to bed first
I don't marry a bitch, if you don't marry me, marry me
Say it 100 times and I won't marry
Yes, our family has been stubborn since childhood
But this woman
It's still easy to coax
You know this life?
How did the normal criminal do it?
Somebody hold down
Stop